[Music]
in the wind alrighty then
everybody ante up five-card draw
Jackson better to open what I'm working
on nameless Jackson help a Rothschild he
died but thanks for letting me bring
Walter to your house last time for the
poker game I didn't let you bring Walter
you showed up with the damn dog
open $0.50 yeah well thanks anyway he
appreciate it Paul still finding dog
here's okay I hope you left him inside
your car I don't want him run around my
front yard
okö why somebody in your house get upset
yeah my wife she's not a happy camper
[Music]
why don't you man up and tell her who
runs this camp unless I can tell me I'm
trying to make this one work
what are you telling us you're not pussy
with Darya
[Music]
you're pussy-whipped is really that good
there's a matter of fact I'm beyond
whipped I'm in the middle of I can't
believe you Walters not gonna like this
give me two cards oh hell man Walter
isn't chasing after a certain bitch
we're just going to remain nameless
because he's whupped who what bitch
no no talking about now don't man dealer
takes three
who are you talking about we're talking
about a certain bitch named Tinker Bell
is a book
where will he wait is Walter fucking
Tinkerbell
he's trying but she won't give him none
I call yeah well I don't blame her cuz
he's a low-down dirty dog
yeah Mac maybe you should wash him once
in a while I'll call not busy I got more
important things to do like what like
kicking your ass in this game diamond
flush full house Jack's over threes
[Music]
what is Willie coming I need to win some
hands
[Music]